README.md, before:


Regard3D
========


Introduction
------------

This is the source repository of Regard3D, an open source structure-from-motion program based on OpenMVG.
Please find the documentation on the [Regard3D homepage](http://www.regard3d.org).

License
-------

The Regard3D source code is released under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php). The numerous third-party libraries have other licenses, please see there.


Version history
---------------

### Version 0.9.4, 04.01.2018:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.3
- Added SMVS as new densification tool
- Added new algorithms for pairwise feature matching: KGraph, MRPT

### Version 0.9.3, 15.09.2017:
- Added user-defined camera sensor width database, added ability to set focus length
- Added possibility to set camera model (Pinhole with various distortions, among them Fisheye)
- Removed PCL (point cloud library) as a dependency
- Fixed issue #9, JPEGs with EXIF data about camera orientation

### Version 0.9.2, 19.08.2017:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.2, AssImp 4.0.1
- Added Fast-AKAZE, TBMR keypoint detectors
- Bugfix: Export of textured surfaces now works again (Issue #4)

### Version 0.9.1, 01.02.2017:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.1
- Third-party programs (MVE, PoissonRecon) up to date

### Version 0.9.0, 15.10.2015:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 0.9.0
- Third-party programs (MVE, PoissonRecon) up to date
- Mac: OpenMP-enabled build

### Version 0.8.0, 30.06.2015:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 0.8.1
- Changed multithreading in compute matches step

### Version 0.7.1, 12.05.2015:
- Fixed bug when using CMVS
- Improved speed of Windows version
- Added multithreading in computing matches on Mac OS X (using TBB)
- Surfaces with textures (OBJ file format) are now loaded with AssImp
- "Export to CMPMVS" renamed to "Export to external MVS", MeshRecon format added

### Version 0.7.0, 28.04.2015
Initial version, based on OpenMVG 0.7


System requirements
-------------------

* Windows 7 or newer, 64 bit edition
* Mac OS X 10.7 or newer
* OpenGL capable graphics card/chip


Documentation, building
--------

For documentation and building instructions, see the [Regard3D homepage](http://www.regard3d.org).

Commit message:

Version 1.0.0, 14.03.2019
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.4
- Upgraded to OpenCV 4.0
- Added new Incremental pipeline of OpenMVG
- GPS information can be used now

README.md, after:


Regard3D
========


Introduction
------------

This is the source repository of Regard3D, an open source structure-from-motion program based on OpenMVG.
Please find the documentation on the [Regard3D homepage](http://www.regard3d.org).

License
-------

The Regard3D source code is released under the [MIT license](http://opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php). The numerous third-party libraries have other licenses, please see there.


Version history
---------------

### Version 1.0.0, 14.03.2019:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.4
- Upgraded to OpenCV 4.0
- Added new Incremental pipeline of OpenMVG
- GPS information can be used now

### Version 0.9.4, 04.01.2018:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.3
- Added SMVS as new densification tool
- Added new algorithms for pairwise feature matching: KGraph, MRPT

### Version 0.9.3, 15.09.2017:
- Added user-defined camera sensor width database, added ability to set focus length
- Added possibility to set camera model (Pinhole with various distortions, among them Fisheye)
- Removed PCL (point cloud library) as a dependency
- Fixed issue #9, JPEGs with EXIF data about camera orientation

### Version 0.9.2, 19.08.2017:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.2, AssImp 4.0.1
- Added Fast-AKAZE, TBMR keypoint detectors
- Bugfix: Export of textured surfaces now works again (Issue #4)

### Version 0.9.1, 01.02.2017:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 1.1
- Third-party programs (MVE, PoissonRecon) up to date

### Version 0.9.0, 15.10.2015:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 0.9.0
- Third-party programs (MVE, PoissonRecon) up to date
- Mac: OpenMP-enabled build

### Version 0.8.0, 30.06.2015:
- Upgraded to OpenMVG 0.8.1
- Changed multithreading in compute matches step

### Version 0.7.1, 12.05.2015:
- Fixed bug when using CMVS
- Improved speed of Windows version
- Added multithreading in computing matches on Mac OS X (using TBB)
- Surfaces with textures (OBJ file format) are now loaded with AssImp
- "Export to CMPMVS" renamed to "Export to external MVS", MeshRecon format added

### Version 0.7.0, 28.04.2015
Initial version, based on OpenMVG 0.7


System requirements
-------------------

* Windows 7 or newer, 64 bit edition
* Mac OS X 10.7 or newer
* OpenGL capable graphics card/chip


Documentation, building
--------

For documentation and building instructions, see the [Regard3D homepage](http://www.regard3d.org).
